c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\bin\Debug\ServiceConfiguration.cscfg
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\bin\Debug\ServiceDefinition.csdef
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\PA3WebRole.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\PA3WebRole.dll.config
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\PA3WebRole.pdb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\PA3WorkerRole.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\PA3WorkerRole.dll.config
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\PA3WorkerRole.pdb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\bin\Debug\ServiceConfiguration.cscfg
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\bin\Debug\ServiceDefinition.csdef
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\MonAgentListener.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\PA3WebRole.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\PA3WebRole.dll.config
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\PA3WebRole.pdb
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\StorageLibrary.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\StorageLibrary.pdb
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\MonAgentListener.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\PA3WorkerRole.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\PA3WorkerRole.dll.config
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\PA3WorkerRole.pdb
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\StorageLibrary.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\StorageLibrary.pdb
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WorkerRole\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\INFO344ProgrammingAssignment3\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\ProgrammingAssignment3ANS\obj\Debug\PA3WebRole\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
